{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww7180\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
1. Describe yourself in two to three sentences:\
I\'92m a curious and creative design professional who cares deeply about finding innovative solutions to complicated problems. I work as a User Experience Designer for Veracode, an application security company. At work, I have plenty of opportunities to solve lots of interesting and many-layered design challenges, from designing new features, conducting usability testing and user feedback sessions, to the intricacies of being a shared resources across multiple scrum teams in a fast-paced agile environment. \
\
I\'92m fascinated by people and information, and love that I have a job in which I am asked to help foster positive interactions between users and information. \
\
2. Where are you from? \
I\'92m originally from the Deep South. I\'92ve lived in Louisiana, Georgia, and North Carolina, but fell in love with Massachusetts as an undergraduate and came back up to Boston for my current job after finishing my Masters in Information Science at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. I miss good barbecue, friend green tomatoes, and early springs, but love the character and attitude of my current home.\
\
3. What are your favorite hobbies? \
In my free time, I love to ride my bike, work on my bike, cook, draw, go for walks, spend time with people, make things, and read. I recently learned how to play Texas Hold \'91Em, and have been really enjoying finessing my game. \
\
4. What\'92s your dream job? \
I want to run my own UX consulting business!\
\
5. What\'92s your background? \
I\'92m a helplessly curious person with a strong creative bent. I\'92m deeply analytical and have always loved logic puzzles. I started out wanting to be an archivist. That work got me familiar with systems analysis and organizing huge swaths of data to provide access to patrons. I learned about UX design while I was in graduate school, and switched focus to an Human-Computer Interaction track when I realized I could do both systems analysis type work AND design! It seemed too good to be true! I\'92ve been happily practicing UX design ever since. \
}